Who is that?
Does she go to our school?
Good morning, everyone.
We have a new classmate.
Her name is Priya, from India.
She’s from where?
I dunno.
I’ve never heard of it.
OK, so let’s work in pairs again.
Who needs a partner
and can team up with Priya?
Hey, Sophia.
We’re a team, right?
Um, yeah. OK.
OK, great!
So for the first page,
I’m thinking we can do this and then that.
This is taken.
So, what did Jesus teach us to do to be
a real neighbor like the Samaritan?
Sophia?
He taught us to show love and kindness
when somebody needs help.
Priya!
Over here!
Hi! I’m Sophia.
Hello.
I like your outfit.
Where did you get it?
My mom made it.
It’s from my country.
They call it a shalwar kameez.
This one is my favorite color.
What’s it like where you lived?